Bought myself a cheap knock off 5 inch display. Now the internet is full of bad advice how to do stuff 
and most times "this just made it work for me", but no explaination or validation if this is really the solution.
Your car tends to pull to the left, what worked for me was adapting the steering wheel. Only problem is that it
behaves strange in thight corners and goes everywhere when it rains. Maybe the good solution was to repair the tire that was flat.

I'm starting of with a Raspberry pi 3B+. The goal is to have OctoDash running on my pi on Buster Lite with a 5 inch display.
That means installing OctoPrint and OctoDash out of the box - well you could do another gui based app

So what is the steps to investigate here?
1. Get the display running with touchscreen, even be able to calibrate
2. Run a gui based app on the screen
3. Starting in kiosk mode at boot time
4. Securing the pi with certificates

I'm already familiair with setting up a rpi, but for reference you could start with 
https://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?p=890408#p890408

Small remark on Buster on 02NOV2019, sudo apt upgrade takes 6.5 hours. So nightly upgrade is adviced. And since I want to start 
the experiments with a clean slate, I just prepare the pi evening before and run the upgrade to be used the next day. 
I run

sudo apt update
sudo apt upgrade
sudo apt upgrade-dist
sudo apt clean

Experiment 1: Getting the display (knock off XTP2046 5 inch 800x480) running.
Out of the box it runs. You will get a console session when booting. But no gui thingy yet. At least not with Buster Lite.



Experiment 2: Run a gui based app on the screen
I found this article: https://die-antwort.eu/techblog/2017-12-setup-raspberry-pi-for-kiosk-mode/ which I used for the first
attempt.
<code>
Usually the graphical environment for GNU/Linux consists of four parts:

X server (usually X.Org)
Window manager (Openbox, XFWM, …)
Desktop environment (PIXEL, LXDE, MATE, …)
Login manager (for example LightDM)
However, we only want to run a single application (the web browser) in full screen – so we don’t need a desktop environment. And we
already have autologin enabled (and no other users will ever use the Pi) – so we don’t need a login manager either.

The bare minimum we need are X server and window manager. Let’s install just that:

*sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends xserver-xorg x11-xserver-utils xinit openbox*
</code>

